_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "Personal website"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---
Hi, I’m Clément Romac. After obtaining my High School Diploma with honours, I started studying Computer Science at Ingesup in France. During my second year I co-created a working group with the goal to work on Artificial Intelligence projects. I discovered there fields such as Machine Learning, Deep Learning and Reinforcement Learning. I then got a Master’s Degree at Ingesup specialised in Data Science while working in part time on Automated Machine Learning R&D in a startup called Weenove. I am now studying in the Computer Science Master at the University of Bordeaux with the objective of doing a PhD.

I’ve also co-created and am animating a monthly [Meetup group](https://www.meetup.com/fr-FR/Les-nuits-des-reseaux-de-neurones/) where we spend a night discussing and doing projects on Neural Networks with diverse people (students, engineers, Data Scientists...). 

I love sport (I've been playing football since I'm 6 years old) and music (I play bass guitar in a jazz fusion band).

Commit message:

Added MSc UBDX + Research engineer position at Inria

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "Personal website"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---
Hi, I’m Clément Romac. After obtaining my High School Diploma with honours, I started studying Computer Science at Ingesup in France. During my second year I co-created a working group with the goal to work on Artificial Intelligence projects. I discovered there fields such as Machine Learning, Deep Learning and Reinforcement Learning. I then got a Master’s Degree at Ingesup specialised in Data Science while working in part time on Automated Machine Learning in a startup called Weenove. Following this, I obtained a MSc. in theoretical Computer Science at the University of Bordeaux and joined the FLOWERS team at Inria Bordeaux as a Research Engineer.

I am aslo co-animating a monthly [Meetup group](https://www.meetup.com/fr-FR/Bordeaux-Machine-Learning-Meetup/) where we organize talks and workshops on Machine Learning. 

I love sport (I've been playing football since I am 6 years old) and music (I play bass guitar in a band).
