index.md, before:

---
layout: homepage
---

## About Me

Hi, I’m Clément Romac. After graduating in Computer Science engineering from Ingesup with a Data Science specialisation, while part time working on Automated Machine Learning in a startup called [Weenove](https://www.weenove.fr/), I obtained a MSc. in theoretical Computer Science at the University of Bordeaux (France). Shortly after, I joined the [FLOWERS team at Inria Bordeaux](https://flowers.inria.fr/) as a Research Engineer working on Automatic Curriculum Learning for Deep RL and Automated scientific discovery in complex systems (e.g. self-organizing). 

I'm now a Research Scientist at Hugging Face and second year PhD student jointly supervised by Pierre-Yves Oudeyer (FLOWERS, Inria) and Thomas Wolf (Hugging Face) studying how autonomous Deep RL agents can leverage Large Language Models. I am aslo co-animating the [Machine Learning Meetup group](https://www.meetup.com/fr-FR/Bordeaux-Machine-Learning-Meetup/) of Bordeaux. 


## Research Interests

- **Reinforcement Learning:** Open-ended Learning, Automatic Curriculum Learning, Intrinsic Motivation
- **Large Language Models:** Grounding, NLG as decision-making

## News

- **[Nov. 2023]** The [fifth episode](http://developmentalsystems.org/chatgpt_5_minutes/) of our "ChatGPT en 5 minutes" series is out!
- **[Oct. 2023]** Teaching 7 hours on Attention, Transformers and Large Language Models to last year students in engineering from the AI specialisation at [ENSC](https://ensc.bordeaux-inp.fr/fr) Bordeaux (France): [P1](./assets/files/ENSC-IA-2023/Transformers_and_Attention.pdf) / [P2](./assets/files/ENSC-IA-2023/LLMs.pdf).
- **[Sep. 2023]** Co-animating [a workshop](https://www.acteurs-ecoles.fr/page-d-accueil/l-an-%C3%A9-les-4%C3%A8mes-boussoles-du-num%C3%A9rique-27-septembre-2023/) for French teachers on AI and its impact.
- **[Jul. 2023]** Don't miss [our poster session](https://icml.cc/virtual/2023/poster/23938) at ICML 23' in Hawaii!
- **[May 2023]** I visited the [COLT team](https://www.upf.edu/web/colt) at UPF (Barcelona) for a seminar.

{% include_relative _includes/publications.md %}

{% include_relative _includes/projects.md %}

{% include_relative _includes/other.md %}

Commit message:

english version of ChatGPT in 5 minutes

index.md, after:

---
layout: homepage
---

## About Me

Hi, I’m Clément Romac. After graduating in Computer Science engineering from Ingesup with a Data Science specialisation, while part time working on Automated Machine Learning in a startup called [Weenove](https://www.weenove.fr/), I obtained a MSc. in theoretical Computer Science at the University of Bordeaux (France). Shortly after, I joined the [FLOWERS team at Inria Bordeaux](https://flowers.inria.fr/) as a Research Engineer working on Automatic Curriculum Learning for Deep RL and Automated scientific discovery in complex systems (e.g. self-organizing). 

I'm now a Research Scientist at Hugging Face and second year PhD student jointly supervised by Pierre-Yves Oudeyer (FLOWERS, Inria) and Thomas Wolf (Hugging Face) studying how autonomous Deep RL agents can leverage Large Language Models. I am aslo co-animating the [Machine Learning Meetup group](https://www.meetup.com/fr-FR/Bordeaux-Machine-Learning-Meetup/) of Bordeaux. 


## Research Interests

- **Reinforcement Learning:** Open-ended Learning, Automatic Curriculum Learning, Intrinsic Motivation
- **Large Language Models:** Grounding, NLG as decision-making

## News
- **[Mar. 2024]** The [english version](http://developmentalsystems.org/chatgpt_5_minutes/en/) of our "ChatGPT in 5 minutes" series is out!
- **[Feb. 2024]** The [sixth episode](http://developmentalsystems.org/chatgpt_5_minutes/fr/) of our "ChatGPT en 5 minutes" series has been publishrd.
- **[Oct. 2023]** Teaching 7 hours on Attention, Transformers and Large Language Models to last year students in engineering from the AI specialisation at [ENSC](https://ensc.bordeaux-inp.fr/fr) Bordeaux (France): [P1](./assets/files/ENSC-IA-2023/Transformers_and_Attention.pdf) / [P2](./assets/files/ENSC-IA-2023/LLMs.pdf).
- **[Sep. 2023]** Co-animating [a workshop](https://www.acteurs-ecoles.fr/page-d-accueil/l-an-%C3%A9-les-4%C3%A8mes-boussoles-du-num%C3%A9rique-27-septembre-2023/) for French teachers on AI and its impact.
- **[Jul. 2023]** Don't miss [our poster session](https://icml.cc/virtual/2023/poster/23938) at ICML 23' in Hawaii!
- **[May 2023]** I visited the [COLT team](https://www.upf.edu/web/colt) at UPF (Barcelona) for a seminar.

{% include_relative _includes/publications.md %}

{% include_relative _includes/projects.md %}

{% include_relative _includes/other.md %}
